hey everyone this is my day two of my 40
a fast and so far it's really hard and
difficult but I'm getting through with
God and just focusing on important
things to me to pull me through the day
for anyone who is joining me or is
looking to too fast I would definitely
say that this day is very difficult so
brace yourself and don't give up and
just push your way through because once
you get towards in the day it's over and
then you can just start with day three
and I'm looking forward to that because
I know at the end of day three my body
will transition to eating my fat which
is really exciting and um not just
looking for me to eat and the homegirl
go and these things will go so this is
really exciting and then once I get over
this mountain of day three then I can
look forward to the mountain of day 10
or day a tour de 10 which is usually
difficult to so um yeah and I've been
reading up a little bit on on some
things to help and some Christian people
who have them have done some fasting and
they they say that you should anoint
yourself with oil and just ask God to
bless this time of fasting and just fast
for His grace to help you to get through
so I'm really excited about that so
tonight after I do my video I'm going to
anoint myself and just ask God to bless
me and to keep me and give me strength
and also to
help me to prioritize all this time I
have since I'm not eating any more that
I can spend more time with him and pry
some more so this will be really really
good for me I think and um yeah so this
is they too it's not much exciting
because it's really hard and you know
being here in Germany there's fresh
bread and rolls and you can smell the
bread down the street and so many good
things that even my daughter just giving
her pretzel today was so difficult but
um it was okay I'm just gonna learn to
walk away and just think of my result at
the end of this so i really think that
these first three days it's hugely it's
a big mind battle that you have to deal
with to get through and um but i just
think you have to kind of just make a
decision and talk to yourself i'm
finding that if you can talk to yourself
and just say that you can and that you
will get through and you can accomplish
the golden egg want that you can do it
and of course God is always with you and
God is always with you and he can pull
you through and I'm also what I find
helps is I went out to the store today
and i bought green tea and i got myself
like a special little tea pouring glass
to make it exciting for me so let me
show you what it looks like this is my
green tea and then I got my beautiful
little glass so this is a little way to
make it exciting and to make it feel
like I'm doing something with myself
okay so i hope i encouraged someone
today and if you are if you're just
meeting any any particular person that
really just want some prayer support
please leave me a message or comment and
we can pray for one another and get
through my
sister's going through right now so
we're supporting one another so there
are others out there that are doing this
and want to some support and I think
that's what's important is that we're
here to encourage one another and to
keep each other lifted up so if that
soon we just leave me a message and
we'll leave my husband will pray for you
and keep you uplifted and so yeah that's
it so I just pray that god blesses you
today and continues to challenge you and
push you forward so until tomorrow
goodbye